Added more information on token auth workflow. (#1626)
pulp/pulp_container: staging_docs/user/tutorials/00-overview.md

# Overview

The Pulp Container plugin extends Pulp so that you can host your container registry and distribute containers in an on-premises environment.
Pulp is a Container and Artifact Registry that implements [OCI Distribution Specification](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/)
and [OCI Image Format Specification](https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec).

> On top of standard registry capabilites Pulp Registry provides additional features. For example, you can s:ynchronize from any Container Registry that is HTTP API V2-compatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On top of the standard registry capabilities, the Pulp Registry provides additional features. For example, you can synchronize from any Container Registry that is HTTP API V2-compatible.
```

Were you trying to reference the "sync" section from the docs?

- Synchronize container image repositories hosted on Docker-hub, Google Container Registry,
  Quay.io, etc., in mirror or additive mode
- Automatically create Versioned Repositories so every operation is a restorable snapshot
- Download content on-demand when requested by clients to reduce disk space
- Perform docker/podman pull from a container distribution served by Pulp
- Perform docker/podman push to the Pulp Registry
- Curate container images by filtering what is mirrored from an external repository
- Curate container images by creating repository versions with a specific set of images
- Build an OCI format image from a Containerfile and make it available from the Pulp Registry
- Host content either locally or on S3
- De-duplicate all saved content
- Support disconnected and air-gapped environments with the Pulp Import/Export facility for container repositories
- Host Flatpak content in OCI format
- Host Helm Charts
- Host OCI artifacts
- Sign images and host Cosign signatures, SBOMS and attestations

> - Sign images and host Atomic signature type via extentions API
> - Host content via pull-through caching dsitribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sign images and host Atomic signature type via extensions API
- Host content via pull-through caching distributions
```
